# StarIdle

had an idea for a sort of reverse incremental where you play as a star I wanted to get some feedback on, and firm up some of my design decisions.

# Theme
You play as a star going through its life cycle. You will generate power and fuse lower elements into larger ones. The goal is to convert all of your elements into their highest possible state. Once you do the star will collapse and you will start as a new larger star.

# Mechanics
* Resource: Your main resource and currency in the game is the elements in your star. You start the game with a fixed amount of tier 1 resource (hydrogen). Resources can be fused into a higher tier resource ie 2 T1(hydrogen) being combined into 1 T2(helium). When a resource is spent it is not removed but unfused to the lowest possible resource (or a different layer depending on upgrades). This means that a given star has a fixed amount of resource that will not change over the game, only changing into higher tiers.
* Power: Power is given depending on the content of your star. The more of each element you have converted the more power you are awarded. For example if you had just started with none of your hydrogen converted you are given 1 power. For every 100 hydrogen you had created you might be awarded an additional power, and this would continue as you merged higher and higher. You will still receive the power from previous layers even if they have been merged. For instance if you had merged all your hydrogen into helium you would still receive the power output of hydrogen.
* Converters: converters use power to fuse elements. There will be one converter per tier except for your highest tier. Converters take power to operate, and after an amount of time will attempt to convert there element to the next tier up. Converters can have extra energy assigned to them to increase the speed at which the activate. Converters will also become slower as their tier increases. There is an upgradeable cap to how much energy one converter can use at a time. Converters can also be upgraded to convert multiple times per activation.
* Upgrades: Upgrades will cost elements. Because of the fixed amount of elements per run, the major limiting factor to which upgrades can be bought is the size of your current star. Upgrades can buff a variety of game mechanics including: Individual converter speed, converter multipliers, converter energy cap, energy production per resource and more to come
* Prestige: Once a star has had all of its elements converted into its highest tier the run will end. I am still undecided how I want to have this part progress. One option is you immediately start a new run with a larger star, and thus more resources. I see this option continuing until you had a large enough star to experience all the content of the game. This would be a soft ending where you can continue doing runs with larger and larger stars but without new content. The other option is completing to award the player a prestige currency that they can use on permanent upgrades. I have less concrete ideas for this plan, but potential upgrades could include, increasing the size of the star, changing ratios for merging materials, speed upgrades. In this option I see the payout of prestige currency being tied to the size of the star ran.
# Appearence
My idea for the visual design is still pretty rudimentary. The center of the screen would contain your star, which will be a visual representation of your resources. As you convert material a layer will expand in your star representing how much of that material you have CONVERTED not created. On the left third of the screen will be numerical listings of your resources. On the right third of the screen there will be ui's for your converters. Here you can see a bar representing its progress for activating, buttons to add or subtract energy, aswell as its stats (ie multiplier, converted/s). Finally a button to pen the upgrade window, and a screen for more detailed stats.
